[Music]
neglected is a kid or what
let's get weird
you have no idea how terrible this would
be for me for your phone daddy
wanted me to take my clothes off you
should have just asked how about how
about this how about you call never
family white people don't you think
these guys are gigantic losers none of
this wham bam thank you ma'am guys
[Music]
really know how to fly subscribe engine
I definitely wouldn't be a mom
[Music]
I seem to have stepped on a landmine why
did you do something like that why would
you do that you all been spending too
much time together
late Friday Friday bumping like I'm
bumping me saying that the homies
precious I mean you got it ain't gotta
don't keep it looking like a Cupid dug
in love buddy ain't precious on me
no earthly hey Romeo a person for me
what
[Music]
whether Brown challenges from whiskey
ever fell follow the data free never
hungry siem reap I can do whatever I get
a chick gotta shutting suckers down in
the parking lot when they try to start
thinking a hot
my black that's when I come through come
younger fresh like this
come with me
with a
stuff music just like Twitter
whoa
hey Friday Friday bumping like I'm over
nice and then the homie freshers I mean
we gotta get gotta don't keep it dug in
like a chip it tugging love buddy we
pressures on me yeah big week with me
steady tip tip me no girl
am ia to get away with the suck around
town and from which the ever bear follow
your data free never huh Ricky I'm Rick
I should do whatever I get a kick out of
shutting suckers down in the parking lot
Chrissy when they trying to start
thinking eh
I like the window talking loud like they
running my block that's when I come
through
penis
like this man
with the hitch
that Widow
it's tough music just like Twitter no
Ronnie right evolving like a bubbly
saying
we freshers on me
like